Column Name				Data Type	Description
			
subject					Numeric		Subject Number	
activity				Character FactorActivity description	
tbodyaccmeanx				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer mean x	Note: This and subsequent columns are a mean value of the data for the subject and activity
tbodyaccmeany				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer mean y	
tbodyaccmeanz				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer mean z	
tbodyaccstdx				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer standard deviation x	
tbodyaccstdy				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer standard deviation y	
tbodyaccstdz				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer standard deviation z	
tgravityaccmeanx			Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer mean x	
tgravityaccmeany			Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer mean y	
tgravityaccmeanz			Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer mean z	
tgravityaccstdx				Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer standard deviation x	
tgravityaccstdy				Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer standard deviation y	
tgravityaccstdz				Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer standard deviation z	
tbodyaccjerkmeanx			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk mean x	
tbodyaccjerkmeany			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk mean y	
tbodyaccjerkmeanz			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk mean z	
tbodyaccjerkstdx			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk standard devaition x	
tbodyaccjerkstdy			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk standard devaition y	
tbodyaccjerkstdz			Numeric		Time domain Accelerometer jerk standard devaition z	
tbodygyromeanx				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope mean x	
tbodygyromeany				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope mean y	
tbodygyromeanz				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope mean z	
tbodygyrostdx				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope standard deviation x	
tbodygyrostdy				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope standard deviation y	
tbodygyrostdz				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope standard deviation z	
tbodygyrojerkmeanx			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk mean x	
tbodygyrojerkmeany			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk mean y	
tbodygyrojerkmeanz			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk mean z	
tbodygyrojerkstdx			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk standard deviation x	
tbodygyrojerkstdy			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk standard deviation y	
tbodygyrojerkstdz			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk standard deviation z	
tbodyaccmagmean				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer magnitude mean	
tbodyaccmagstd				Numeric		Time domain accelerometer magnitude standard deviation	
tgravityaccmagmean			Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer magnitude mean	
tgravityaccmagstd			Numeric		Time domain gravity accelerometer magnitude mean	
tbodyaccjerkmagmean			Numeric		Time domain accelerometer jerk magnitude	
tbodyaccjerkmagstd			Numeric		Time domain accelerometer jerk magnitude	
tbodygyromagmean			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope magnitude mean	
tbodygyromagstd				Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk standard deviation	
tbodygyrojerkmagmean			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk magnitude mean	
tbodygyrojerkmagstd			Numeric		Time domain gyroscope jerk magnitude standard deviation	
fbodyaccmeanx				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean x	
fbodyaccmeany				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean y	
fbodyaccmeanz				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean z	
fbodyaccstdx				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer standard deviation x	
fbodyaccstdy				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer standard deviation y	
fbodyaccstdz				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer standard deviation z	
fbodyaccmeanfreqx			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean frequency x	
fbodyaccmeanfreqy			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean frequency y	
fbodyaccmeanfreqz			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer mean frequency z	
fbodyaccjerkmeanx			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean x	
fbodyaccjerkmeany			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean y	
fbodyaccjerkmeanz			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean z	
fbodyaccjerkstdx			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk standard deviation x	
fbodyaccjerkstdy			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk standard deviation y	
fbodyaccjerkstdz			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk standard deviation z	
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqx			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean frequency x	
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqy			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean frequency y	
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqz			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk mean frequency z	
fbodygyromeanx				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean x	
fbodygyromeany				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean y	
fbodygyromeanz				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean z	
fbodygyrostdx				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope standard deviation x	
fbodygyrostdy				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope standard deviation y	
fbodygyrostdz				Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope standard deviation z	
fbodygyromeanfreqx			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean frequency x	
fbodygyromeanfreqy			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean frequency y	
fbodygyromeanfreqz			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope mean frequency z	
fbodyaccmagmean				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer magnitude mean	
fbodyaccmagstd				Numeric		Frequency accelerometer magnitude standard deviation	
fbodyaccmagmeanfreq			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer magnitude mean frequency	
fbodybodyaccjerkmagmean			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk magnitude mean	
fbodybodyaccjerkmagstd			Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk magnitude standard deviation	
fbodybodyaccjerkmagmeanfreq		Numeric		Frequency accelerometer jerk magnitude mean frequency	
fbodybodygyromagmean			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope magnitude mean	
fbodybodygyromagstd			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope magnitude standard deviation	
fbodybodygyromagmeanfreq		Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope magnitude mean frequency	
fbodybodygyrojerkmagmean		Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope jerk magnitude mean	
fbodybodygyrojerkmagstd			Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope jerk magnitude standard deviation	
fbodybodygyrojerkmagmeanfreq		Numeric		Frequency Gyroscope jerk magnitude mean frequency	
angletbodyaccmeangravity		Numeric		Angle accelerometer mean gravity	
angletbodyaccjerkmeangravitymean	Numeric		Angle accelerometer jerk mean gravity mean	
angletbodygyromeangravitymean		Numeric		Angle gyroscope mean gravity mean	
angletbodygyrojerkmeangravitymean	Numeric		Angle gyroscope jerk mean gravity mean	
anglexgravitymean			Numeric		Angle x gravity Mean	
angleygravitymean			Numeric		Angle y gravity Mean	
anglezgravitymean			Numeric		Angle z gravity Mean	
